One of the things I wanted to do is to
create a new route for creating new items.
But like you can imagine the creating
is pretty much the same thing as
editing, right?
It's a few differences, but
fundamentally the same thing.
So I'm gonna skip that
in the interest of time.
Instead, I wanna talk about,
we still have to talk about login.
And but before we talk about login,
I wanna talk about this app for a second.
Let me reset the size on this.
And the thing I wanna show you is that
this app is currently a multi-page app,
right?
It's an MPA, so when I go in, I navigate,
my server is not running,
cuz I was pushing into GitHub.
When I navigate somewhere, I get details.
And so navigation basically
causes a full page refresh.
And if your framework is really
good at starting up like Qwik is,
that might be fine.
And the nice thing about this is is this
is literally What the SEO sees, right?
If I go here, and I disabled JavaScript.
And I refresh,
the clock stops working, right?
BitStarz working,
the search box doesn't work anymore.
But I can still going, I can click
on stuff and I can go and do edit.
And if I try to delete things, it will
still complain that it's not there,
because, it's a brown trip app, right?
And this is literally what Google sees.
So for SEO, this is amazing,
this is literally what we want.
I can't imagine something better
from an SCS point of view.
But it is an MPA, so
what if you wanna have an SPA, right,
a single page application?
So let's re-enable JavaScript again.
Oops, that's not what I wanted.
Okay, so JavaScript is re-enabled,
the clock is working again.
So let's go to this link right here and
we have our a href in here.
This is our contacts, right?
So I can click on a specific contact.
And instead of A,
I'm gonna turn this into capital Link.
So there's a special
component called link and
I'm gonna aimport this, and
everything else stays the same.
So now, let's go back here, let's open up
Network tab and look at the JavaScript.
And if I go and
I click on a new, for example,
it should be a client-side navigation.
So whole bunch of code downloaded,
but nothing happened, what happened?
Looks like there is a bug and,
The thing I wanted to point out,
let me refresh again.
There's a little bit of JavaScript in
here, like the clock shows up, etc.
And when I navigate to a page,
notice that all of the code associated
with the new page gets downloaded.
And it should execute and
it should update.
I don't know why that's not happening,
because the URL updates and
everything else.
So sorry, a bug, my apologies.
But the point I wanted
to make is that just
by changing the kind of
link you have in a system.
You have turned a multi page
app into a single-page app.
And by the way,
even if I still have links in here,
let's keep the link here
which is broken for a second.
I just wanted to disable JavaScript
here and show like, look, it's disabled.
The JavaScript is disabled, and
then it just becomes a regular link.
And then it works as you would expect.
So it bridges the world of MPA and SPA and
I don't know, this used to work,
so I'm sorry.
I need to figure out,
to talk to the right people as to
what's going on in there, yes?
>> I guess my question is,
it looks like you're doing something
similar to what next.Js does
with their link component.
>> Yes.
>> But I guess, my question is,
if you have an MPA and
you get all these benefits in
performance and SEO and so on.
What would be the advantage or
reason to switch over
to SPA in this context?
>> So there are a couple of reasons, one,
is that MPA makes it
difficult to keep state.
So as navigate from page A to page B, what
if there is some state in the header and
header is the same in the first and
second page, right?
It would be nice if you could keep
the state in the header, right?
So that kind of information is why you
might want to have something like an SPA.
The other one is it could be
under some circumstances faster.
As of right now, when you navigate from
page A to page B using the SPA model,
we download the JavaScript and execute it.
But the thing that we would really
love to do, and we're not there yet.
But we think we can get there, is to
just download just the inner HTML for
that section.
And then the navigations
become amazingly fast.
Because you're saying, look,
the chrome around the page,
the layout of the page stays the same.
Not only does this stay the same, in our
case, we have a state which is the clock.
That state persists between navigation,
that doesn't get destroyed.
But the inner HTML updates, right?
So that's one of the things that
we would like to get solved,
keep in mind we're still in beta.
But that's kind of the reasoning for it.
So many systems are either purely MPA or
purely SPA.
And we really would like to make it fuzzy,
I mean, you can have both.
You can start it as an MPA, and
then transition over to an SPA, it's fine.